Source Codes for JCH's AdLib and Sound Blaster Players
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
This package contains the old assembler source codes for the various AdLib and
Sound Blaster player versions made by JCH back in the 90's. The source codes
have not been released in public before 2007.

The source codes are presented to you "as is" and will not be explained in this
document. Back in the 90's they were compiled with Borland Turbo Assembler and
naturally required an AdLib and/or a Sound Blaster sound card. You can use an
emulator such as DOSBox (http://dosbox.sourceforge.net) to play the executable
files in it, but you're going to have to find the programming tools yourself if
you plan on compiling them again. I imagine that the source codes would serve
a better purpose as information for converting to plugins or players that will
be played by the software of today.


About the Versions
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
The folders present contains various versions of the player source codes. Some
of these were work folders for a particular piece of music, e.g. Stardream or
Crooner. There are source codes with musical data in them as well. Probably the
most useful file of them all is the MPLAYER.ASM file which is the actual player
source code itself. All the player versions available should cover most of the
music out there that was released in the .D00 or .D01 format.

One player version that is conspicuously missing is v00.10. I tried to find a
real project folder for this one, but it just wasn't there. However, some of
the player version folders have a BACKUP folder with raw source codes of older
versions. If you take a look at the one in the folder for version 02.00, you'll
find a v00.10 there. You can use that as a substitute.

In fact, I decided to keep all the BACKUP and COLLECT folders intact, as there
seems to be source codes for additional player versions in them.


Contact Info
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
Visit my web pages at http://chordian.dk and http://vibrants.dk. You can also
contact me through chordian@gmail.com or jch@vibrants.dk.

One last thing. I haven't been coding in assembler for many years now - so if
you have any questions regarding the inner workings of the players, I probably
can't help out much today. You're pretty much on your own. Good luck!

JCH, 19 August 2007 (Revision 2)
